1. What does the author say about Nicolas Copernicus in paragraph 1?
: Rhetorical purpose 

2. It is stated in paragraph 2 that?
: Factual information

3. The word deducted in paragraph 2 is closest in meaning to
: Vocabulary

4. All of the following are true about Copernicus and his theory 
EXCEPT
: Negative Factual information

5. According to paragraph 4, which of the following is true?
: Factual Information

6. Which of the following best expresses the 
essential information in the highlighted sentence 
in paragraph 4? Incorrect choices change the meaning 
in important ways or leave out essential information.
: Sentence Simplification

7. Why does the author ask the question, 
"How would we look at Copernicus' model today?"
: Rhetorical purpose

8. According to paragraph 5, which of the following is true?
: Factual information

9. Look at the four squares (A,B,C,D) that indicate where
the following sentence could be added to the passage.

Though he was not formally educated in either of these subject, he dedicated 
much of his time to researching these fields.

Where would the sentence best fit?
: Insert Text

10. DIRECTIONS: Select the phrases that correctly describe each theory of planetary motion.
Two of the phrases will NOT be used. 
: Fill a table

11. The word thriving in paragraph 1 is closest in meaning to
: Vocabulary

12. According to paragraph 1, which of the following is true?
: Factual information

13. What can be inferred from the information in paragraph 2?
: Inference

14. Which of the followin is NOT true?
: Negative factual information

15. Which of the following best expresses the essential
information in the highlighted sentence in paragraph 3?
Incorrect choices change the meaning in important ways or
leave out essential information.
: Sentence Simplification

16. What did critics say about the labor theory?
: Factual information

17. All of the following are true EXCEPT
: Negative Factual Information

18. Why does the author say. "Skidmore took his cue from
Thomas Paine and the American Revolution to challange the growing
inequality in the united states?"
: Rhetorical Purpose

19. Look at the four squares (A, B, C, D) that 
indicate where the following sentence could be added to the passage.

The independence was new and welcomed by the women, despite the 
fact that they had to work.

Where would this sentence best fit?
: Insert Text

20. DIRECTIONS: An introductory sentence for a brief summary 
of the passage is provided below. 
Complete the summary by selecting the THREE answer choices that express the most important 
ideas in the passage. Some sentences do not belong in the summary because they express ideas that are not 
presented in the passage or are minor ideas in the passage. This question is worth 2 points.
Industrialization in the United States greatly changed the labor force and led to the formation of 
labor unions, which make up an important part of the workplace to this day.
: Prose summary 