1. Rapa nui, 
   887 statues, 
   because of the obsession of the moai
   rats
   europeans smallpox


In the reading section the writer inform the reader that Rapa nui
is an island that had it's civilization extinct. The reader have three theories
as to why the island civilization extinct. The first theory is because 
of their obsession for the moai statues. They cut down trees to make
way for the huge moai statues. This lead to deforestation that 
disturb the ecosystem of the island. Making disease easier to spread and
affacting the inhibitants. But, the speaker have an argument why this is
not the case. He said that many of the Rapa nui inhibitant is a 
farmer. So the farmer know how to handle the deforestation that is happening
on the Island.
  The second theory is because of Rats. The writer wrote that there is 3000,000
rats living on the island. The rats start to eat the island trees resulting in
deforestation on the island. But, the speaker also debate this theories. 
His argument is that the inhabitants must know how to control the population of the
rats. Because rapa nui inhabitants consist mostly of farmers.
  The third theory is because of the European slave trade. In the 18th century
European came to the Island. They took the island inhibitant and makes them slave. 
a slave. They got sold. And then they get infected by a disease. When the slave cameb back to the Island
they carries the diesease and infected the other Inhabitants. Making the population of Rapa nui inhabitants lower and evantually extinct.
The writer argues that this could not be the case. Because once the Rapa nui inhibitants got captured and sold as a slave.
There is no way that they will be back to the Island. Making the disease unable to spread
to Rapa nui Island.

2. In my opinion Digitalization has an upper edge in the preserving
the value of the artifact. Making an artifact digital means that it
is nearly imposible for the artifacts to lost or be damaged. As it is
store in the database or a cloud. Traditioal artifacts prone to be 
damaged or lost. The other benefits of digitalize the artifacts is
that many peoples around the world have access to the artifacts. Making
study or research easier. As for the traditional artifacts usually
store in a museum.
 But, I also think that 
we need to preserve traditional artifacts. Becase the traditional artifacts
is the original of the artifacts. And It will hold different experience 
seeing an traditional artifacts than digital artifact. You will feel 
the connection to the Traditional artifacts, you can touch it. Your mind will
wonder as how does such an artifact exist in the past. 